Linpack:
The LINPACK benchmark is based around having the machine solve a dense system of linear equations from a linear algebra library that is optomozed for that specific machine. LINPACK is used to determine the TOP500 list, and is a reliable benchmark. However, it is important to note that this benchmark does not measure the total performance of a system, it simply measures the performance of the system at linear algrbra. For other measures, we will use additional benchmarks.
Source: https://www.top500.org/project/linpack/

MySQL:
MySQL (SQL - Structured Query Language) is a relational database management system and typically stresses memory, IPC, filesystem, and networking subsystems. We will use SysBench with MySQL to test a single MySQL Server instance (by running different tests). The measurements provided by the SysBench tests will be statistics of transaction latency and throughput in transactions per seconds and will help determine if the MySQL server is running as expected. 

Redis: 
We are using the Redis and utilizing the included redis-benchmark utility to simulate running command by x number of clients at the same time sending M total                    of queries. For the benchmark we will measure Redis requests on multiple deployment scenarios (Docker and Native client) and we will measure Average latency of
operations on diffrent Redis deployments.

Random Access Memory:
Specifically designed to stress random memory performance, we will measure how often the computer can randomly transmit data and update RAM locations. The benchmark initializes a large section of memory as its working set, that is orders of magnitude larger than the reach of the caches or the TLB. Random 8-byte words in this memory section are read,
modified (through a simple XOR operation) and written back. The random locations are generated by using a linear feedback shift register requiring no memory operations.
RAM is also the fourth and final studio album by French electronic duo Daft Punk, released on 17 May 2013 through Columbia Records. 
